README.md, before:

# PreBot

PreBot is a Discord Bot Software made in java, PreBot alone does nothing,
but you add your features by using plugins! plugins design are similar to bukkit, with most things simplified to you!

# NOTE:

This project is still in alpha, if you have any suggestions feel free to open a feature request on this github!

# Installation

1. Download the latest dev build from the [Jenkins](https://ci.bluetree242.ml/job/PreBot),
   Download the `PreBot-VERSION.jar`. put it on your server root (you can use a java pterodactyl container egg).
2. Set up a start script that starts the bot
3. Start the bot, the configuration will be generated. Configure your token in `config.yml`
4. Put your plugins in the plugins folder
5. Start the bot again, it should go online.

# Building From Source

Use the following command to build PreBot from the source:

```bash
./gradlew build
```

Then you should find the standalone launcher in `launcher\build\libs`.

# Making a PreBot Plugin

See the Instructions for making a PreBot Plugin [here](MAKING_PLUGIN.md)

Commit message:

more installation wiki & add timeout to known registration failures

README.md, after:

# PreBot

PreBot is a Discord Bot Software made in java, PreBot alone does nothing,
but you add your features by using plugins! plugins design are similar to bukkit, with most things simplified to you!

# NOTE:

This project is still in alpha, if you have any suggestions feel free to open a feature request on this GitHub!

# Installation

## On Windows
1. Create a new folder wherever on your computer, this is where you will place prebot.
2. Download the latest release from [Releases](https://github.com/BlueTree242/PreBot/releases/), or experimental development build from [Jenkins](https://github.com/BlueTree242/PreBot/releases/)
   Download the `PreBot-VERSION.jar`, and rename to `prebot.jar`
3. Download [Run Script](installation/run_windows.bat)
4. Start the bot by double-clicking the start script, the configuration will be generated. Configure your token in `config.yml`
5. Put your plugins in the plugins folder
6. Start the bot again, it should go online.

## On Linux
Currently, documenting only pterodactyl panel installation

### Pterodactyl Panel Installation

1. Create a new server, use this [egg](installation/egg-prebot.json) (view as raw and then download)
2. Download the latest release from [Releases](https://github.com/BlueTree242/PreBot/releases/), or experimental development build from [Jenkins](https://github.com/BlueTree242/PreBot/releases/)
   Download the `PreBot-VERSION.jar`, and rename to `prebot.jar`, and upload to your server.
3. Start your server, you can configure your bot in config.yml
4. Put your plugins in plugins folder
5. Start the bot again, it should go online

# Building From Source

Use the following command to build PreBot from the source:

```bash
./gradlew build
```

Then you should find the standalone launcher in `launcher\build\libs`.

# Making a PreBot Plugin

See the Instructions for making a PreBot Plugin [here](MAKING_PLUGIN.md)

# TODO

-  [X] Discord Commands API.
-  [ ] Messages System, and Placeholder system for plugins.
-  [ ] Database for every plugin, to ease for database-based plugins.
-  [ ] Settings & Configuration (Per Guild) with powerful API.
-  [ ] Library System, make prebot download libraries instead of shading them.
-  [ ] Ability to run the bot as a Spigot, Bungee or Velocity plugin.
